Or Hello Did you know it is Crystal arm today
Tempered glass famous crystal armor 0.2
I think that I want to introduce in was the most thin body
It's 0.2 incense type, so it's about 0.4 mm
There were many, but iphone 5 s because this 0.2mm thinner
There is fingerprint authentication, or this
Firmly you can press will look like in the still mind thickness as the thing this still hot until now
It is quite network
But this button press not or Toka goods button seal it was a mandatory need thereof
lost
Let's see it immediately
I think I do not know quite a little video, but here
Krista run is any bad
I have this on my right hand
This is the 0.55 days
Well, you can see that the thickness is quite different
If you touch it, it's quite obvious
I think that I want to convey this thinness in the sound of the first hot thing
I feel quite heavy-I think lively
continue
Rainy
This really has been the sound of Las handle feeling
It will feel like perapperapera
I know this glass we have dropped this Ne Te such Perapera'
Let's say goodbye to glass
I think I understand
It is not necessary
I think it feels like you, but it became thinner and it became weaker
I also I first I I thought so the cat that represents the strength of the glass, which is said to be code
The value and the 0.55 mm it's Chris Turner of the original exactly the same of 9 h of code
It may be said that it becomes the hardest and strongest model to say
Such a thing does not have the I Day pen is is here.
It is a 5 mm crystal armor
Please keep a close look at the book Do you have any part of this edge
Touch and eyes
I do not feel like I put it
Really thin
I'm almost there is no interference between the case and say what happy by this I thin
Because
The metal blamber of glamour I am using
Compatibility with this is also very good
There is almost no level difference
It is here is what was stretched 0.4 mm Crystal Armor
By comparison
You can see immediately if you watch the pre-war video
You will understand immediately if you shave
Absolutely 0.2 mm is easier to press
The hardness is 9 h. Of course , even if you go to Kofu with a cutter , no scratches will occur.
It's funny I really use the wound
Also I do mess strongly wipe or faint say that line to enter is what is also at all function
By this
If it does not get damaged
It is such a sound
Even if it's like this, it wo n't hurt you
I can't see scratches
Not hurt at all
When it comes out, it looks like a little depression spiral enters but if you wipe it off
Ne
Yes it could not be scratched
Really easy to push Noto Home button Tteyuu nicely with what to say I also case
It is to say
There is no problem at all in combination with such a bumper
Ah
I would like to have a gap in Shibuya
You can show it directly, so please come and see us
Recommended tempered glass for those who are using iphone 5s
Please try to buy